Profiles yml precedence core fusion (#8443)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_profiles.yml.md

Only one `profiles.yml` file is required and it can manage multiple projects and connections. 

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="fusion" label="dbt Fusion">

dbt Fusion searches for the parent directory of `profiles.yml` in the following order and uses the first location it finds:

1. `--profiles-dir` flag &mdash; Override for CI/CD or testing.

> 2. Project root directory (current working directory) &mdash; Project-specific credentials.

Author: edit this

3. `~/.dbt/` directory (Recommended location) &mdash; Shared across all projects.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="core" label="dbt Core">

<Constant name="core"/> searches for the parent directory of `profiles.yml` in the following order and uses the first location it finds:

1. `--profiles-dir` flag
2. `DBT_PROFILES_DIR` environment variable 
3. Current working directory
4. `~/.dbt/` directory (Recommended location)

> Note that <Constant name="core"/> supports the `DBT_PROFILES_DIR` environment variable for setting a custom profiles directory, which is not currently supported in <Constant name="fusion"/>.

Author: ```suggestion
Note: <Constant name="core"/> supports using the `DBT_PROFILES_DIR` environment variable or a `profiles.yml` file in the current working directory. These options aren't currently supported in <Constant name="fusion"/>.
```
